Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['dfs.datanode.data.dir', 'dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir', 'dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout', 'dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode', 'dfs.datanode.available-space-volume-choosing-policy.balanced-space-threshold', 'dfs.client.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms', 'dfs.namenode.missing.checkpoint.periods.before.shutdown'], 'reason': ['dfs.datanode.data.dir: The value of this property must be a valid directory. The directory must exist on the local filesystem.', 'dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir: The value of this property must be a valid directory. The directory must exist on the local filesystem.', 'dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.', 'dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode: The value of this property must be a valid boolean. The value must be either true or false.', 'dfs.datanode.available-space-volume-choosing-policy.balanced-space-threshold: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.', 'dfs.client.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.', 'dfs.namenode.missing.checkpoint.periods.before.shutdown: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.']}

Final result:

There are 7 misconfiguration parameters in the input: dfs.datanode.data.dir	dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir	dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout	dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode	dfs.datanode.available-space-volume-choosing-policy.balanced-space-threshold	dfs.client.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms	dfs.namenode.missing.checkpoint.periods.before.shutdown
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.datanode.data.dir: dfs.datanode.data.dir: The value of this property must be a valid directory. The directory must exist on the local filesystem.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir: dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir: The value of this property must be a valid directory. The directory must exist on the local filesystem.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout: dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode: dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode: The value of this property must be a valid boolean. The value must be either true or false.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.datanode.available-space-volume-choosing-policy.balanced-space-threshold: dfs.datanode.available-space-volume-choosing-policy.balanced-space-threshold: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.client.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms: dfs.client.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.missing.checkpoint.periods.before.shutdown: dfs.namenode.missing.checkpoint.periods.before.shutdown: The value of this property must be a valid integer. The value must be greater than or equal to 0.
