Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['io.seqfile.local.dir', 'io.map.index.interval', 'fs.ftp.transfer.mode', 'fs.s3a.socket.recv.buffer', 'fs.wasb.impl', 'net.topology.impl'], 'reason': ['The property io.seqfile.local.dir is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.', 'The property io.map.index.interval is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.', 'The property fs.ftp.transfer.mode is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.', 'The property fs.s3a.socket.recv.buffer is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.', 'The property fs.wasb.impl is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.', 'The property net.topology.impl is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.']}

Final result:

There are 6 misconfiguration parameters in the input: io.seqfile.local.dir	io.map.index.interval	fs.ftp.transfer.mode	fs.s3a.socket.recv.buffer	fs.wasb.impl	net.topology.impl
[Ciri] Reason for io.seqfile.local.dir: The property io.seqfile.local.dir is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
[Ciri] Reason for io.map.index.interval: The property io.map.index.interval is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
[Ciri] Reason for fs.ftp.transfer.mode: The property fs.ftp.transfer.mode is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
[Ciri] Reason for fs.s3a.socket.recv.buffer: The property fs.s3a.socket.recv.buffer is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
[Ciri] Reason for fs.wasb.impl: The property fs.wasb.impl is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
[Ciri] Reason for net.topology.impl: The property net.topology.impl is not in the list of valid properties for hcommon version 3.3.0. Please remove this property from your configuration file.
