Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['alluxio.master.journal.type', 'alluxio.underfs.s3.streaming.upload.enabled', 'alluxio.master.embedded.journal.addresses', 'alluxio.user.client.cache.timeout.duration', 'alluxio.master.ttl.checker.interval', 'alluxio.jvm.monitor.info.threshold', 'alluxio.user.network.rpc.max.inbound.message.size', 'alluxio.underfs.gcs.default.mode'], 'reason': ['alluxio.master.journal.type is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.underfs.s3.streaming.upload.enabled is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.master.embedded.journal.addresses is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.user.client.cache.timeout.duration is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.master.ttl.checker.interval is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.jvm.monitor.info.threshold is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.user.network.rpc.max.inbound.message.size is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.', 'alluxio.underfs.gcs.default.mode is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.']}

Final result:

There are 8 misconfiguration parameters in the input: alluxio.master.journal.type	alluxio.underfs.s3.streaming.upload.enabled	alluxio.master.embedded.journal.addresses	alluxio.user.client.cache.timeout.duration	alluxio.master.ttl.checker.interval	alluxio.jvm.monitor.info.threshold	alluxio.user.network.rpc.max.inbound.message.size	alluxio.underfs.gcs.default.mode
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.master.journal.type: alluxio.master.journal.type is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.underfs.s3.streaming.upload.enabled: alluxio.underfs.s3.streaming.upload.enabled is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.master.embedded.journal.addresses: alluxio.master.embedded.journal.addresses is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.user.client.cache.timeout.duration: alluxio.user.client.cache.timeout.duration is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.master.ttl.checker.interval: alluxio.master.ttl.checker.interval is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.jvm.monitor.info.threshold: alluxio.jvm.monitor.info.threshold is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.user.network.rpc.max.inbound.message.size: alluxio.user.network.rpc.max.inbound.message.size is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
[Ciri] Reason for alluxio.underfs.gcs.default.mode: alluxio.underfs.gcs.default.mode is not a valid property. Please check the documentation for the correct property name.
