Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['yarn.resourcemanager.address', 'yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.enabled', 'yarn.resourcemanager.zk-delegation-token-node.split-index', 'yarn.nodemanager.process-kill-wait.ms', 'yarn.timeline-service.hostname', 'yarn.registry.class', 'yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.address', 'yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-length'], 'reason': ['The address of the applications manager interface in the RM.', 'Enable automatic failover.', 'Index at which the RM Delegation Token ids will be split so that the delegation token znodes stored in the zookeeper RM state store will be stored as two different znodes (parent-child). The split is done from the end. For instance, with no split, a delegation token znode will be of the form RMDelegationToken_123456789. If the value of this config is 1, the delegation token znode will be broken into two parts: RMDelegationToken_12345678 and 9 respectively with former being the parent node. This config can take values from 0 to 4. 0 means there will be no split. If the value is outside this range, it will be treated as 0 (i.e. no split). A value larger than 0 (up to 4) should be configured if you are running a large number of applications, with long-lived delegation tokens and state store operations (e.g. failover) are failing due to LenError in Zookeeper.', 'Max time to wait for a process to come up when trying to cleanup a container', 'The hostname of the timeline service web application.', 'The registry implementation to use.', 'The address of the AMRMProxyService listener.', 'Max length of container queue at NodeManager.']}

Final result:

There are 8 misconfiguration parameters in the input: yarn.resourcemanager.address	yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.enabled	yarn.resourcemanager.zk-delegation-token-node.split-index	yarn.nodemanager.process-kill-wait.ms	yarn.timeline-service.hostname	yarn.registry.class	yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.address	yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-length
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.address: The address of the applications manager interface in the RM.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.enabled: Enable automatic failover.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.zk-delegation-token-node.split-index: Index at which the RM Delegation Token ids will be split so that the delegation token znodes stored in the zookeeper RM state store will be stored as two different znodes (parent-child). The split is done from the end. For instance, with no split, a delegation token znode will be of the form RMDelegationToken_123456789. If the value of this config is 1, the delegation token znode will be broken into two parts: RMDelegationToken_12345678 and 9 respectively with former being the parent node. This config can take values from 0 to 4. 0 means there will be no split. If the value is outside this range, it will be treated as 0 (i.e. no split). A value larger than 0 (up to 4) should be configured if you are running a large number of applications, with long-lived delegation tokens and state store operations (e.g. failover) are failing due to LenError in Zookeeper.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.nodemanager.process-kill-wait.ms: Max time to wait for a process to come up when trying to cleanup a container
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.timeline-service.hostname: The hostname of the timeline service web application.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.registry.class: The registry implementation to use.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.address: The address of the AMRMProxyService listener.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-length: Max length of container queue at NodeManager.
