Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['yarn.resourcemanager.leveldb-state-store.compaction-interval-secs', 'yarn.nodemanager.container-executor.exit-code-file.timeout-ms', 'yarn.nodemanager.localizer.cache.cleanup.interval-ms', 'yarn.nodemanager.disk-health-checker.interval-ms', 'yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort', 'yarn.intermediate-data-encryption.enable', 'yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-wait-time-ms', 'yarn.node-attribute.fs-store.impl.class'], 'reason': ['The value of yarn.resourcemanager.leveldb-state-store.compaction-interval-secs is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.', 'The value of yarn.nodemanager.container-executor.exit-code-file.timeout-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.', 'The value of yarn.nodemanager.localizer.cache.cleanup.interval-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.', 'The value of yarn.nodemanager.disk-health-checker.interval-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.', 'The value of yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort is not a valid value. The value should be a boolean.', 'The value of yarn.intermediate-data-encryption.enable is not a valid value. The value should be a boolean.', 'The value of yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-wait-time-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.', 'The value of yarn.node-attribute.fs-store.impl.class is not a valid value. The value should be a string.']}

Final result:

There are 8 misconfiguration parameters in the input: yarn.resourcemanager.leveldb-state-store.compaction-interval-secs	yarn.nodemanager.container-executor.exit-code-file.timeout-ms	yarn.nodemanager.localizer.cache.cleanup.interval-ms	yarn.nodemanager.disk-health-checker.interval-ms	yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort	yarn.intermediate-data-encryption.enable	yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-wait-time-ms	yarn.node-attribute.fs-store.impl.class
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.leveldb-state-store.compaction-interval-secs: The value of yarn.resourcemanager.leveldb-state-store.compaction-interval-secs is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.nodemanager.container-executor.exit-code-file.timeout-ms: The value of yarn.nodemanager.container-executor.exit-code-file.timeout-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.nodemanager.localizer.cache.cleanup.interval-ms: The value of yarn.nodemanager.localizer.cache.cleanup.interval-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.nodemanager.disk-health-checker.interval-ms: The value of yarn.nodemanager.disk-health-checker.interval-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort: The value of yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort is not a valid value. The value should be a boolean.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.intermediate-data-encryption.enable: The value of yarn.intermediate-data-encryption.enable is not a valid value. The value should be a boolean.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-wait-time-ms: The value of yarn.resourcemanager.nm-container-queuing.max-queue-wait-time-ms is not a valid value. The value should be a positive integer.
[Ciri] Reason for yarn.node-attribute.fs-store.impl.class: The value of yarn.node-attribute.fs-store.impl.class is not a valid value. The value should be a string.
