Raw json:

{'hasError': True, 'errParameter': ['dfs.client.https.keystore.resource', 'dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir', 'dfs.namenode.keytab.file', 'dfs.datanode.fileio.profiling.sampling.percentage', 'dfs.client.deadnode.detection.probe.deadnode.threads', 'dfs.namenode.storageinfo.defragment.timeout.ms', 'dfs.qjournal.http.open.timeout.ms', 'dfs.namenode.lease-hard-limit-sec'], 'reason': ['Resource file from which ssl client keystore information will be extracted', 'A directory on shared storage between the multiple namenodes in an HA cluster. This directory will be written by the active and read by the standby in order to keep the namespaces synchronized. This directory does not need to be listed in dfs.namenode.edits.dir above. It should be left empty in a non-HA cluster.', 'The keytab file used by each NameNode daemon to login as its service principal. The principal name is configured with dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.', 'This setting controls the percentage of file I/O events which will be profiled for DataNode disk statistics. The default value of 0 disables disk statistics. Set to an integer value between 1 and 100 to enable disk statistics.', 'The maximum number of threads to use for probing dead node.', 'Timeout value in ms for the StorageInfo compaction run.', 'Timeout in milliseconds when open a new HTTP connection to remote journals.', 'Determines the namenode automatic lease recovery interval in seconds.']}

Final result:

There are 8 misconfiguration parameters in the input: dfs.client.https.keystore.resource	dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir	dfs.namenode.keytab.file	dfs.datanode.fileio.profiling.sampling.percentage	dfs.client.deadnode.detection.probe.deadnode.threads	dfs.namenode.storageinfo.defragment.timeout.ms	dfs.qjournal.http.open.timeout.ms	dfs.namenode.lease-hard-limit-sec
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.client.https.keystore.resource: Resource file from which ssl client keystore information will be extracted
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir: A directory on shared storage between the multiple namenodes in an HA cluster. This directory will be written by the active and read by the standby in order to keep the namespaces synchronized. This directory does not need to be listed in dfs.namenode.edits.dir above. It should be left empty in a non-HA cluster.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.keytab.file: The keytab file used by each NameNode daemon to login as its service principal. The principal name is configured with dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.datanode.fileio.profiling.sampling.percentage: This setting controls the percentage of file I/O events which will be profiled for DataNode disk statistics. The default value of 0 disables disk statistics. Set to an integer value between 1 and 100 to enable disk statistics.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.client.deadnode.detection.probe.deadnode.threads: The maximum number of threads to use for probing dead node.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.storageinfo.defragment.timeout.ms: Timeout value in ms for the StorageInfo compaction run.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.qjournal.http.open.timeout.ms: Timeout in milliseconds when open a new HTTP connection to remote journals.
[Ciri] Reason for dfs.namenode.lease-hard-limit-sec: Determines the namenode automatic lease recovery interval in seconds.
